NMS-13364: Table formatting issues in new docs (#3531)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/service-assurance/monitors/BgpSessionMonitor.adoc

| 0304     | UPDATE Message Error - Attribute Flags Error
| 0305     | UPDATE Message Error - Attribute Length Error
| 0306     | UPDATE Message Error - Invalid ORIGIN Attribute
| 0307     | UPDATE Message Error (deprecated)
| 0308     | UPDATE Message Error - Invalid NEXT_HOP Attribute
| 0309     | UPDATE Message Error - Optional Attribute Error
| 030A     | UPDATE Message Error - Invalid Network Field
| 030B     | UPDATE Message Error - Malformed AS_PATH
| 0400     | Hold Timer Expired
| 0500     | Finite State Machine Error
| 0600     | Cease
| 0601     | Cease - Maximum Number of Prefixes Reached
| 0602     | Cease - Administrative Shutdown
| 0603     | Cease - Peer De-configured
| 0604     | Cease - Administrative Reset
| 0605     | Cease - Connection Rejected
| 0606     | Cease - Other Configuration Change
| 0607     | Cease - Connection Collision Resolution
| 0608     | Cease - Out of Resources
|===

Instead of hex code, the error message will be displayed in the service-down log message.
The log message also provides the following additional information:

 BGP-Peer Adminstate
 BGP-Peer Remote AS
 BGP-Peer established time in seconds

== Debugging

> If you cannot detect or monitor the BGP session, use the following command to determine the problem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot detect or monitor the BGP session, use the following command to check that the device is providing BGP data via SNMP.
```
